This is amazing powerful and beautiful fon from oppo best camera, battery, design, display, sound quality, processor

I bought this device on release date itself im loving it i just want to say cons bcoz it has lot of pros, rear camera should improve a little bit it produces over saturation images and their is no eis i hope they will fix that via ota update

I just got it 3hours back.. And guess what the look of the mobile is extremely premium. And the build quality is awesome. Camera is quite good. This is my first review for this mobile.

I have been using this phone for the past 5 days. I observe a lag when I browse through photos while using Google photos and also for some reason my YouTube videos are being set at low quality, by any means I am not able to change it. Camera quality does not seem to be good, too much of colour in the output and the pictures does not seem natural.
Amazon service quality can be compared to bsnl or other semi govt entity. During the delivery processes itself, the delivery date was deferred 4 times and the customer care staff wasn't hesitant to provide delivery assurance on the same day for all calls I made regarding the concern.

Everything in this phone is pretty except for some features but we can manage that, now the main problem is its display tech. guys. It is the cheapest display tech. which is used in this phone (tft display) . The main thing about phone is display. Due to the display everything you see whether it is a video or you play a ge, they are of entirely different colours. Ofcourse if you compare with other phone you will see. But to compare you need to buy and amazon people won't return your money back.

Camera is too bad and youtube videos quality even 1080p also not good. Colours reproduction is too bad in camera. Slow motion camera whey oppo highlighted in launch event nothing in slow motion camera I am very disappointed in that section and slow motion camera is purely for pulblcity. Video department also colours not good. Battery life is average. Design and build looking like premium phone. I don't recommend this mobile to anyone. I raised a concern on twitter also but those guys are very irresponsible persons nobody is taking care about our concerns

I have this phn(4/64 version). Overall performance is good. Camera is decent at this price point. But the speaker's quality is too bad. Even after full volume the speaker's sound is too low which really disappoint me. Otherwise the device is really good.

Very poor network, bad sound quality,bad network quality, camera is too dull, pls amazon you are one of the good online shopping centre pls don't show faulty piece and faulty products..

It is disaster phone on 2nd day itself i was not able to hear a voice of person during calls very very very very poor call quality display is worstest i ever seen on any phone the screen gesture function is also not their i don't no what amazon has sended might be it is faulty piece bttr go for some other phone than this crap

Product is good in the view of camera and all the features. Dual volte is the ultimate feature.

But the phone is unable to access the memory card, when you set the default storage as memory card, even if you take the 05 sec video also, phone is unable to store the data to memory card and with in seconds the device is going into blank condition.

I can clearly say that, that is not the memory card problem, because the same memory card is getting good access and good functioning in other mobiles.

So, after knowing this i formatted my memory card and tried take store the another video file by setting the storage as default location memory,but again it is showing the same blank condition.

Disappointed due to direct storage issue

Purchase my first oppo phone,Great display, great performance, great build quality over all good phone.

The product is awesome as i heard...but the quality check failure ruined its charm. Received a set with scratches and hairline on its display. Now i even doubt its genuinity!! Gonna ask for my refund back to me.

This phone has excellent features but fails in the audio department. Missing my exchanged Lenovo K4 Note with Dolby Atmos & stereo speakers...

Very downgraded camera.. Oppo f11 pro failed with the so called 20MP dual camera . Saturation levels cannot be compared even with a 2mp camera phone. Often the pictures taken are very very unrealistic . Sees like the AI function is pathetic. EIS is a definite miss. Slow motion camera is also a failure. Can’t recognize the moving objects clearly . Video play back is also not that good. YouTube videos in fully screen lacks clarity. A number of time the Camera setting were changed to default. But of no use., Hope the company may rollout few updates to rectify these basic issues.

Oppo f11 pro is not a Camera phone. In Oppo f11 pro all features are good but camera is not as excepted. Front camera and Indoor photo quality of both front and rear camera is disgusting .Beautify mode is not good as other mobiles provided. It may required update from Honor.

battery drains so fast while playing games and using the camera too.
applied for replacement.hoping the new one will have better battery life
Edit-got the replacement today. This one is also defective. The back panel is bulged opened. ~Gona replace again hope next time I will get a good condition product~ no third time replacement such waste of time...amazon guys are doinga
bad service to customers

Very pathetic battery life. Hardly runs for 12 hrs with moderate usage.
On top of that this phone has super efficient memory management it doesn't even keep an app in background for even 1 second .like you switch between apps and you lost the state in old app , and have to start from all over again.
With such super efficient battery management it should have be giving more battery backup but it looks like to be working against it.

This is Very classy product from this budget. Great value for money. Jet speed performance, battery is a Beast. Camera is ultimate. Everyone is asking me is this Honor, Looks Wow.

As of now, its been 3 days after the purchase I sharing this review of oppo f11 pro.. There is no lagging in performance and design is undoubtedly superb. Battery life is very good as it stands for 1 and half day with good usage. In this mid range oppo f11 pro is totally value for money.

Picture quality is awful. I can't understand how different techies on you tube provided such a good feedback. The camera is hell, selfie loving guys is gonna hate it. Primary camera only good if held still. YouTube videos I compared to my 1plus 3t and I can see a huge difference in the quality and color. Battery backup is good , design is unmatchable at this price range ,display size is good but the display quality is cheap. I would recommend not buying this phone and rather go for note 5 pro which has better camera and better display and comes about 2500 cheaper than this phone. If looks and design is all you are looking for ..then oppo f11 pro is the best phone for u

Good phone from oppo nice face unlock good sound best is the Notch screen truly awesome... Great built quality but no fast charging no 4k recording colours are oversaturated in camera mi note 5 pro have better camera. the camera quality is poor compare with Samsung s7which is 2016 model and oppo f11 pro is 2018 . I brought is for myself but am giving this phone to my mom coz phone is not for me buy this phone only if you like notch screen in budget phone

Trust me this phone is well ahead of its time, in 15k you won't find 6.5 inch display with such clarity and screen to body ratio and beezels are next to non exsisting. Now its sound quality which is really good, i mean via headphone it lack amplification but don't get me wrong, at full volume it's loud enough with great bass and clarity, very much recommended for those who stays on headphone for long period. The best part is its call quality and signal reception , its simply outstanding. Battery is good enough but not for power users. Overall if you buy this product, it will not go out of style for atleast 3 years mainly considering its price.

I have moved to this model afr using oneplus one for more than 3 years. Basically the phone looks good and works decent. But the major let down is the camera. Phone doesn't have photographic touch , it just enhance the picture by the software which makes it un-realistic . Touch focus doesn't work well also they have a minimum focal distance for the the camera beyond which it will give a crisp images, lesser than that u will end up in getting blurred images. There is a difference between bokeh effect and blurred background which won't satisfy the photography enthusiast.
Except camera everything is fine . So if u don't look for the mobile for best quality images then go for it. Its a good deal

The phone packs everything it should for the price range and comes in a package that is more than desirable. Decent camera, great screen, good enough battery with a frugal power consumption. Average usage can easily take you through the day. Paired with the right kind of earphones, this makes for a great device for media consumption. And the looks, it gives most flagships a run for their money with its gorgeous gradient back panel covered in glass. Build quality also feels great and doesn't feel like looks come at the cost of sturdiness. Glass panels do make it a bit vulnerable, but there are crackling of panels as such. Very solid fit and finish.

Poor quality and sound problem and with out charging heat sound effects bad

 don't regret at all after purchasing this phone. It's perfect in almost all segments considering its mid range segment. The best part is battery and performance which is better than any other phone available in same range. I have been Huawei user since last 7 years and haven't faced any issue till now. For those who are whining in the name of camera, I suggest to go and buy dslr. Let phones be phones and cameras be cameras.

Excellent product in price range... Given good tricks in camera... Forgot any review... Easy to handle... Easy to use... Best UI. Full entertaining phone. There is no issue in mobile only small thing we can say.. Night shots aren't perfect but we can not blame to company... With the small amount we can not expect hefty features. The camera is awasome. Overall it's a worthy phone. The mobile is not bulky and easy to use. Recommending some one who is buying xioami phone. Phone looks premium In hand 

Guys camera quality is too too awesome. Even in low lighting conditions it is working so much fine. Video recording in 60 fps is awesomely awesome. Phone is smooth as butter. Ekdam raparap chlega without any issues. Touch is flawless smooth and very sensitive. Overall best phone .

I like the camera the most, both front and back cameras click good quality picture. The OS is fluid and fast. No heating issue noticed so far, feels very premium to hold. Only drawback is, out of 4GB ram, less than 2GB is available to user. I do not do any gaming and have limited apps installed still have noticed this. Ram management could be better, also when switching better screens it jitters a little at times.

No video call…Disappointed...Phone is very delicate. Screen broken in just one drop from two feet height

Looks and design are just marvellous. Light & brightness are also good. Expected headfone but didn't get. overall fone is total upto the mark as shown in pic. One thing this tym am disappointed, OTP was deleted by chance nd agent did nt even helped me, he declined for delivery and even was not giving cus care no nd solution. 

his phone is amazing for the money. Great for gaming. Meets all my needs. The camera is average in low light but does good in well lit conditions. Durable as well. I've dropped it countless times with no cover and it has survived with no problem. I've always been a Samsung fan boy but not anymore. This is way better than any Samsung phone in this price range.

Below average picture quality.Unable to delete multiple message.Vibrating while connect and disconnect the call.Not getting good Network signal.Overall, many good options are not included in this phone.

My oppo f11 pro display is blurring and I surprise to see the video quality is like 4000 rs cost mobile .I am very disappointed .

Excellent build quality.. A Superior display.. Very good calling sound.. Spectacular Cameras.. Lightweight.. A good battery.. Faster than any other phones in 15k category.. What else you need ? Go for it guys..!! Dont think..!! Its a very pocket friendly and rich choice..!!
Honor,, you made a great deal..

t is the one of the best choice from its segment as its a oppo you won't be dissapointed with its finger print, screen quality and camera, built quality, only probs only some will find if you don't use to do video recording as it doesn't have an eis or ois other than that nothing to worry about processor,battery, built quality simply go for it the kirin 710 will do anything for you it has also made a score on one of the best smartphone 

Very worst mobile in photos.,totally waste oppo f11 pro,even one picture also clarity. Look like 5mega pixel picture, after taken picture if you zoom slightly image will break full, zero percentage in clarity, if you 10 pic, at least one or two only good, if you flash light it will blink but not reflect in picture,

The battery life phone is awesome. The camera on the other hand beautiful however there are some picture quality issues. But works fine. The selfies are good. Fingerprint and face unlock features are very fine. The video quality is very fine to watch not to shoot. The speed is incredible and the display is very fine. However the sound quality is above average and the loudness seems be above average too. Hopefully, the software update can fix camera. Overall this is very good phone and has premium look.

I've purchased this phone for my mom. The phone is excellent. It's physical appearance is very appealing and makes it look like a premium phone. The performance in terms of speed is very good and also because of honor's GPU turbo, gaming is a breeze. The battery life is good but it misses out on quickcharge. The speaker is average but headphone music quality is good. Calls are also good. Overall I would recommend this mobile.

Sound quality is really bad... For this price good speakers are must.. I thought I would b deal braker against realme2pro but realme speakers r really amazing.. If I use earphone I can't even here properly at full volume.. For this reason I have already exchanged once but got the same result which is very disappointing.. Other than speakers I just loved d phone..Camera, build quality, look, everything.. Idon't want 4k recording n other things.. But a good speaker is a must.. .. Please do correct it by upgradation.. I don't want to return it just for speakers.. It's a request.

Its really awesome trending phone under this price segment so if yu ar thinking about it buy it, there is no issue i had compared with real me 2 pro but this was always winner..... ?? so yu can buy awesome with amazing camera. Don't go for realme 2 pro its plastic body nd camera ?? is not good.

I have purchased this mobile on Feb 4th 2019. It worked fine for two weeks, but suddenly after that, one day the OS got crashed while the mobile is kept for charging. I tried many ways to resolve, but finally after sometime I tried restarting by pressing the power button & volume button simultaneously, exactly after 10 minutes, the mobile restarted and started working normally. I don't know the cause of this crash, since I haven't installed any big apps neither any game in my mobile. But seriously oppo should look into these sudden crashes and display offs. Apart from this software issue, the phone is perfect under this budget. Hope I don't see the same issue again..

The phone build quality is good and looks wise its best in the class. The worst part of this is its camera. I mean how can you say that its camera is of 20 MP and that is also with AI. The photos clicked by rear camera seems to be click by a 2mp camera. Earlier i was using mi a1 and its camera is par from oppo f11 pro. I think oppo can fix this by update. Until then i will suggest you to buy some other phone like realme 2 pro or mi note 5 pro if camera is your first priority.

The camera is too good when the AI is turned on but only in the natural light i.e outdoor. The pictures taken under artificial lighting are very poor, the updates are coming in this oppo device. The glass back is pretty awesome with an expensive feeling but the problem is the fingerprint that remains on the glass as we take the phone in hand. Fingerprint sensor is fast and battery life is 24 hr for me as I play PUBG for more than 3 hrx with a great experience shared by the processor.

Best phone till date within this price range. Amazing camera and display quality. You cam simply play with the camera. AI mode will help you to identify the picture mode and will give you a decent photo. Photo processor adds a bit more color which is not that bad. Battery backup is good but we expected a bit better. But you can easily depend on it. Once the device is fully charged it can stay upto 1day with all day activity. Sound quality is balanced both on handphone and device speaker. Finest combination of bass and treeble. Built quality is too good but its always good to use the in box case to protect the back as it is made of glass.

Its was great experience from last 2 months use but only the issue with online website zoomed and cant reduce size that why many pages words & content cut off like Online bank statement cant see 100%. I hope its will be correct in next update. Other wise batter is best & last lasting than my previous mi phones. Picture clearity is best in class.

Well I like tge delivery process nd it was right on time awesome smartphone with smart features If you were gonna buy this so yiu should have to definitely buy this phone camera quality is also very goood battery lyf is ohk display quality is freaking awesome sound is also good but you can't get earphones in the box you have to buy it from store but all over performance wise this is a ? excellent phone

The camera takes a bit of mastering, but once you get the hang of it, it's a stunner! A budget phone, which can take near DSLR quality photo, a superb processor and 6 GB RAM to make gaming a breeze, and a premium look and feel, can't ask for more.

Amazing phone. Buy without a second thought. Looks very premium in hand but very delicate to use as back side is made of glass and it has a big screen. Those people who use phone roughly should not buy this. If u can carry this phone with proper care it is the best phone within 15 k. Battery ?? is superb. Display is amazing. User interface is very good. Does the work very fast what is given to it. Thank u to Kirin 710 processor. Picture quality is very good, but the people who like natural pictures will dislike the pictures taken by it. It produces already edited pictures, there comes no necessity to editing after capturing. As far as the con is concerned I can tell that it has not fast charging and special attention should be given during handling of this phone. The sound output is a little bit less compared to other rivals of this range. Above all a good package.

This is amazing and i am happy with amazon services.

this phone can be an excellent choice for normal usage as it has high specs, all the modern features like 6gb memory, face and fingerprint recognition at very affordable price. after using it for about 3 months, only downside I see is its battery which doesn't last more than 1 day

1st of all Design and build quality is superb no other mobile in this price range gives u tht premium feel. Fingerprint and face unlock works fast. Picture quality good.. Sound quality is also OK if they could hv provided 3.55 mm jack in the top section, it would hv been better and they could hv put double speakers at the bottom. Battery drains quickly if u play games otherwise full day backup wid moderate use.oppo has provided elevated camera which I don't like, should b inbuilt. If u put back cover then all show goes away. Overall good experience wid oppo and I hope camera gets better wid new sw update as it oversaturates.

Excellent product, very smooth, Battery life is also good

No one just can't find such a phone with these specs at this price. Overall a nice phone with speed and durability. Battery is superb and touch is also upto the mark.. Must go for it…

I like this mobile. It is a complete package. The sound quality is very good. Pictures are decent. Though the camera is weak in low light. Yet in daylight it clicks nice pictures. Battery is also good enough. Overall it's a good deal for moderate user.

I gifted the mobile to my daughter on Diwali. It has been almost four months of use and she is extremely delighted with it. She has not been facing any issues and best part is that she has to charge it only once a day. She is quite active on social platforms and watches a lot of videos without headphones. The battery still lasts very long. The camera is decent and the picture quality very sharp. Nothing great about speakers but serves the purpose.

I purchased this mobile few days ago but when it was delivered on that day problem was detected, actually first of all I got body defected mobile and then I just use to play just one video on youtube even in wifi then battery surprisingly drained too fast...it's very horrible... overall experience is too worst with Oppo f11 pro.. Specially Camera and Battery not god as well as not avg..

Don't buy… Sound quality is so poor so poor difficult to understand the person on call...... Ringtone is so poor u will not be able to know that it phone is ringing... And u will always miss ur calls evertime.... Don't buy this product, even. If u wanna buy I received it on 15.01.2019 take it from me for only 13000/- mi is far better.

Very Big deal breaker point is you can't direct video call, I can't believe that. Havent clone all app. This saimfull for honor

Pretty good smartphone for its price range, gives quite a long battery backup but the camera is one of its cons it takes pretty average pictures and concerning gaming there hasn't been any heating issues but the frame rate drops by a tiny bit when playing pubg at high frame rate and HD settings but other graphic intensive games like asphault 9 runs smoothly if your budget is under 15k then go for it in my opinion

Product is absolutely value for money. If you don't use much data (minimal) for watching YouTube, games or movies, battery charged will last more than a day. But any phone drains if you use more data continuously.

The design is awesome, so is the battery.. Performance and display are good... Little frame drops while playing pubg which was the same experience when I was using snapdragon 625...
Camera is below average and hence a 3 star rating.. I don't know the browns turn orangey even with the AI mode off.. And the selfies are quite pinky for my liking even with the beauty mode off... If they improve this with a software update, I will give it a 4/5

beautiful phone.i thik best smartphone in 15000 price of range.kirin 710 processor is more faster then snapdragon 660.large and Crystal clear display,excillent battery backup in normal uses.sound quality is good.only one problem i face back camera is good but front camera is average.this phone is not for selfie lovers.oppo f11 pro is better then real me 2pro.with any doubt go for it.

You can't get the better value for under 18k. Great camera, stunning design, fabulous screen, sound quality is good too, gaming is on point, it doesn't heat up even on heavy gaming, build quality is great the only shit thing is it's user interface which you can bear with the pros. I wish it had Android 9 and type c port. Rest, go for it.

All I would say mediocre phone,it doesn't look premium with traparent back case which is provided in box, I would suggest you to use some other quality back case to get premium look for your phone,overall screen size and quality of voice call and quality of video recording are good even both front and back camera are good

Worst service by Amazon . First of all the product had issues . Then I required replacement , but after one unsuccessful attempt , Amazon changed my replacement request into return request, saying that the phone has been shipped from Delhi to Chennai , and I cannot request another one.

Everything is as per my expectation. Premium design and very fast device.
Only Native video calling is missing in this phone but it will be fix by Huawei with EMUI update.

You guys will love the phone with it's mesmerizing looks and amazing battery life. Though I am not a speaker phone mode lover. I like listening to music using earphones so happy with the sound quality as others complain of low sound quality. Happy with the purchase and recommended to others also. You will observe it's beast (processor) performing at it's best in couple of days after you use. As AI takes time to adapt ur habits of using phone.

All over its very fantastic product in reasonable price I bought 6gb handset of this all I got which I need large memory space sound bettery display photo video..... This phone raise a question in my mind that why people go for Apple I phone when oppo provide all what we need...

This is an excellent phone with a superb battery life. I am not so much into photography so the camera quality is more than satisfactory for me. Little dissapointed by the sound quality of external speaker, gives more like a hollow sound.

The sound quality in earphones is low i have 2000rs of earphone,the phone is value for money , nice cemera high battery backup,

Recently bought this... Design wise, it's fabulous... Looks rich and classy. Battery life is amazing... It doesn't drain at all... At the end of the day, 35% charge is still remaining with normal usage of Google apps and YouTube. Picture quality is crisp and bokeh effect is amazing. The full screen feature locks all the videos perfectly

The honour 8x is awesome phone having a great picture quality and sound with a big battery life I'm using this phone from last 7 days and I charged it only once in a day and Im a very heavy user of phone almost doing 2-3 hours video calling and I'm really happy with the battery backup and the camera is superb in day and also in night mode

The phone is not having a native video calling option and this is not mentioned in item description and it claims to support VoLTE. Very much disappointed with Amazon's return policy. Please don't buy this phone as third party applications use mobile data so there is no point. And I will also suggest don't buy phones on Amazon

So bad! The stone is shiny but doesn't have glass black as promised. The build is well, quite rocky ( no puns intended). Cameras? There are none, but the reflective surface on the phone is ideal to look at your face. Overall a great stone. Price could be more aggressive.

Many people and friends troll me, for this product. They every time told me to purchase xiaomi (redmi) product. But I purchased this. And I am happy to have it ! Great camera quality. sound quality wanted to improve more (but not bad in quality). Speed was great also. I haven't play game on it, so I can't say the gaming performance; But, i think it will be also good for gaming. Face recognizasio was also too good. Selfie camera's face detection need to to be little improve.

Nice mobile and expected good package from the seller. Very much happy to use my oppo mobile 1st time bought in amazon and with android pie 9.0.1 version they had updated after the oreo Android 8.0.1 version came to that mobile. Only one thing is missing is double tap to open the screen unlock feature, otherwise product iss good with kirin processor with AI camera features.

Very bad camera and flash ...

The phone is good at the specific prize range, but the speaker and the sound quality are not even average. We can't use the inbuilt speaker for even some normal use. They are of very low sound strength and we can't hear anything till volume is atleast 33% and even at 100% it's sound like it's only 25% compared to other phones.

First of all I got the phone on time as mentioned
The think I like about the phone is the looks and build quality. It feels premium and have a large and beautiful 6.5 inch screen. I like each and every bit of it.
But the thingI didn't like is the saturation level it make everything more colourfull which I didn't like. And it does not have image stabilisation.
But other than the phone is badasss....

Best phone under 18k hands down.Surprised by the elegant build quality. Glass back makes it look like a premier phone. Battery stays easily 1.5days for medium user like me. Would fall in luv with the large vibrant display. Camera could be better particulaly in low light. The AI camera also pretty good for automatic mode. Got it in 12.5k during the Great Indian Festival and was pleasantly surprised by all the specs.

Amazon delivered the product on time & undamaged. Oppo f11 pro is a stylish looking tall phone. Photos taken on it are crisp & vivid under well lit conditions. Pictures in lower light conditions are not disappointing either. Found it a bit unresponsive at times - my mobile is a 4 GB RAM model. Sound is good, though slightly tinny. Fingerprint & face recognition works well.
Overall satisfied with the purchase & delivery.

Purchased the phone for my father. Over experience is very good. The phone is very fast, display quality is good, battery life is great. However the night/low light photos have noticeable noise. daylight photos are good but low light photography needs to be improved.

Selfie camera is excellent, rear camera is also good, Battery life is not so as claimed yet Okay. Sound quality is just okay. The bad thing I found is reception quality of network, while my old cheaper phone was catching 4G signals better than this set, many call drops and off network I face with this set. I'm really upset

Phone looks premium with its build quality and performance has no issues...regular usage battery life stands for a day with 4G LTE.. heavy usage and high end gaming will drain the battery faster say about 2-3 hrs...overall satisfied with the purchase..

Camera was not upto the mark if we compare with Red mi note 5 pro or Real me 2 pro & I want company Should give Update Regarding Camera & in Low light face unlock does not work which work well in Realme 2 pro

 brought this phone from Amazon on 26 January... I really happy to received this one.. Its totally changed my life.. All is good about this phone.. Nice one.. Canara resolution is best.. Excellent features of this phone compair to any other smart phone. And also I got in good deal.. Any gadget is also febulas... Please go for this phone and it will charge your life...

If you are looking for a decent phone with good looks, go for it. Have been using it for 3 months now and it's working fine. Battery life is also good and lasts full day of heavy usage. Picture quality is quite good for the back camera but things could have been improved with the front camera. Sound is just perfect.

I'd request the buyers... Do not opt for this phone... Look wise it's really gud but as a product Nah. I've received this phone on 2nd Jan, 2019 n today it's 16th Jan, 2019.m facing a lot of problem with this. While using this phone it is automatically getting switched off n on, it gets hanged for a longer period n if u want to switch it off during that dat period even the power button also doesn't work. Even the battery is also not doing well... Frankly not happy with this phone??

First review ever. If you've been a broke person for a long time and you finally can get a awesome upgrade from the usual stuff you buy, this phone will blow your mind. The build quality is EXCELLENT. Put the case on tho. The screen is super good too, basically, mostly all the pros on all the reviews are what I love about this beast. Though, if you have L shaped earphones, charging and listening to music is a pain. A tiny con but nonetheless, CLOSE YOUR EYES AND GO FOR IT.

I m writing my opinions after using the phone approx. 3 months..
First of all the design is more than awesome which is make it a perfect looking phone.. Camera quality is very good.. Fast finger print scanner... Face recognition is also a good feature of this phone means it is quite fast.. There r a lot of other features which are a reason to buy this product in this budget segment..

Screen durability is very bad & sensitive.so many reviews shows that screen durability is very high with gorilla glass, but It is broken even it fallen from 3ft height.& amazon also promised that, they will give screen replacement upto 6months after bought the handset(they said that, replacement guarantee will receive as a mail) ,I didn't get till now..

the audio quality is very poor. there is a kind of vibrating noise. seems like speakers are damaged

Totally disappointed... As soon as I just switch on the mobile below the notch a black spot.... Complained about it... Asked for replacement...

Display quality of this phone quite good but captured pictures quality of this phone not as up to the mark low light performance isn't good some noisy substances visible while taking pictures on night or low light. Lack of Naturality of pic taken by both camera primary or secondary it's seems more artificial than natural. Other wise except this things overall the performance is good. Anyone can go with this device as good budget phone

It feels like a flagship phone in budget pricing.. Impressed by the face id and potrait mode..low light camera is not that efficient..4k display..the battery last upto 2 days even on using internet..and luks so stunning

Massive display, full HD, excellent design, superior build quality, way more features than you can expect at this price range for a mid range phone, truly worth the price. But let me use it for sometime so that I can certify the performance. Plastic back cover quality is very bad. White powders coming after few weeks use.

Mobile have best picture quality, Video Recording quality which can control noise pollution. Battery is excellent and the charger is not speed charger. It will take 2.30 hrs to completed 100%. Front and back camera is good on day and night time also. Processor is best and I have tryed almost every game and it will run successfully. The Faceunlock and Finger print sensors are very fast.

The phone looks really good, sound quality is nice, display is very good especially 6.5" full display. The batter life excellent and i could use entire day with just one time charge. Use the phone cover to avoid finger print marks. Good value for the money.

Average Phone. Good battery life. Display: whites are yellowish(without night mode). Sound: Sounds like old radios, my old moto phone had much better loudspeaker quality in terms of clarity. Camera: Average Camera. Go for Asus zenfone max pro m2 if you want camera.

Massive hd display with minimal borders, good built quality, premium glass body feels very premium and slim in hand,camera is amazing u can take good quality photos,external speaker is loud little bit distortion but in earphones the quality is not up to the mark its of average quality, And very sad to say you cannot make video calls directly from dialler.. I m dissatisfied that a 15k phone from oppo doesn't have a video calling feature.

Camera is not that good. Artificial decorations felt in the photo means photo does not look natural. After zooming in the picture pixels appear to be blurred and picture isn't clear.
Home key is placed just below the space key. We press space but back button is pressed instead and user is taken back to previous page or home screen. After changing the keypad gesture the problem doesn't go away.

worth for money ..i got addl dis of 1500 with selected debit cards during offer.

Good feeling in mobile handling. All options good. But back light brightness is short dull

A very good fon with superb battery backup n build quality.. Camera isn't gr8 but not dissapointing either.. Sound output isn't upto the mark but audible at most ambiences except at very noisy and crowd area.. Minor lag are noticed here n there but that's just nitpicking.. Loving the experience.. Also tempered glass n a cover is a must..

Ordered on the day of first available on amazon, got it delivered in 9 hours. Mobile looks stunning. it comes with pre-applied normal screen protector and a transparent back cover.

It is a excellent phone in its price range.There is a notification light which has all colours. And its looks is awesome you can't going to tilt your eyes from this phone. The emui is also very good there is nice features and performance.it is totally very good phone overall.

It is a excellent phone in its price range.There is a notification light which has all colours. And its looks is awesome you can't going to tilt your eyes from this phone. The emui is also very good there is nice features and performance.it is totally very good phone overall.

Finger sensor super good. Receiving Mike is not that great . Can hear sound only if the ear piece is placed EXACTLY over the ear. You slightly displace it, the sound becomes so feeble.

Sturdy phone, already survived 3 falls. Been using it for 2 months now. Sound quality is OK better in the headphones. Camera is alright, it loses a lot of details, but it should suffice the needs or the average user. Night shots are better than most phones.

Yes the picture quality is top class. The output of sound from the speakers is average I would say because you cant hear the sound when you're outdoors. I think the battery lasted for a day after full charge. No cons because everything works fine at this price point. Just go for it if you have a budget of 15K.PUBG is savage in game suit mode.

The smartphone is very good in picture quality, but enhanced the quality of sound. Battery is very power efficient with 12nm processor. I feel some dissatisfaction in rear camera photos are very saturated with AI also does not support 4k video recording and EIS. It is very much expected to provide fast charging service. One thing is very good it provide chip on film technology which facilitate bezel less phone.

This phone was suppose to have a hassle free experience, instead this gets heated up when camera is used and also volume level fluctuates. Apps crash. I am trying to return. However, Amazon has only replacement policy. Please don't invest in this phone.

This phone has very good battery which lasts for two days with average use. I don't use camera much but tried some pictures it looks decent, slow motion video is worst but I don't care.. Lag free experience so far. My mobile version is 6gb with 128gb Rom. Its worth investment on phone

Volte mobile means video call facility in sim and mobile too. But here is no video call facility in this phone.
Video recording quality is not good (blurry).

I bought this phone after reading its reviews and its worth every penny spent. It has some amazing photo features, lovely picture quality and its so sleek and the navy blue color is very attractive. The touch and speed of this phone is awesome. Overall I am very happy to buy this product. To a cherry on cake Amazon delivered it 3 days in advance right on Diwali Day. Thank you Amazon

I really had high hopes for the kirin 710 processor and the mali g51 gpu but i was wrong...i am a very hardcore cell phone user and accordings to reviews and the performance of which the kirin 710 was capable was all a lie ....cant even open another app with closing a earlier one if i am playing a game....this is the first and last time i bought a cell phone with kirin and ARM cpu and gpu on board.

A power pack phone for those who likes to play game like ashpalt9, and pub g, it handle all those very well and a slight heated for long time game but it his still low compared to its rival, further a great AI CAMERA which detects the scene with a night mode and aperture 1.7,it his not over yet not to forget the battery it his good backup and fast charge compare to other rivals

Product is awesome and feel premium in this budget killer performance and good battery backup but one thing is not good that in slow motion Pic its just getting small multiple dots on screen. Worst slow motion Pic I have seen. Other is good

Dear all please don't by this this phone not supported Jio Volt Video calling just I have already informed to oppo technical team but he is say used any third party app and amazon not ready to given refund, very pathetic phone don't waste your money

A very good phone in this range. I am a normal user and I dont play games. I use it for photos, movies and emails and I am happy with the phone quality and speed.

very nice mobile, very good camera, battery life & very sleek. after two months of usage.. i am telling you... its a nice phone. charging battery is good, camera is good. everything is good.

I have had no problem with the phone ever since my purchase battery performance it ticks all the right boxes one area where it could have improved is picture quality other than that it has been an amazing experience using this phone and i would truly recommend anyone who can live with am average camera but want a head turner design amazing performance and long battery life just go for it .

Product is good with better picture quality. But the sound quality is not up to the mark as it is breaking while receiving the call from other phones. I have been observing this since delivery. So can you resolve this issue or replace it with another piece.

Phone is amazing except from it's battery life every think is good...I am using this phone from last 2 month and I play pubg daily around 4-5 hour ...No lag moderate heating issue...Camera is Good performance Excellent...But OS is not so Optimized

Very good mobile. Nice picture quality. Prompt service from Amazon. Good sound quality

There is a excellent phone in this range. All of these features will be available in the range of 25k to 30k of the premium brand phones, sound quality very awesome and get a much better backup from the 3750 mh battery, Picture quality is very good because of IPS display If you use such a SAMOLED display then a little bit different you will feel but overall phone "better than the best"

Awesome Build, Good Display, Light weight, total beast in performance, Glass back is a fingerprint magnet(not an actual issue), cover and screen guard included in box, no lagging, no hangs, battery easily lasts 1 to 2 days depending on usage, camera could have been better, HiSilicon Kirin 710 is a powerhouse, no regrets on not choosing a snapdragon SoC smartphone, Cheers!

Product is good at this budget.Sexy look and field with a big screen. Picture don't have that much quality. Not at all a gaming mobile. Mobile is getting heated while playing game(PUBG) and watching 4k or 1080 HD video. Screen resolution is manageable but not good. Processing speed is also slow as compared to other mobile in this range.

I bought it as a gift to someone and the person like it and work perfectly fine on him. function and battery life are very much satisfied with him. Colour is also nice, same as described in detail. Delivery packaging is good for protecting the phone during the delivery.

Pretty amazing device, the stock launcher might not appeal to many, but that's no matter. Camera is quite amazing, battery life is good enough, and the display is so good, colour accurate, at least for me, I like warm displays. To conclude, it is a really nice device with commendable processing power and everything else.

Best buy...got it the next day of order from amazon prime...i have been using it for 6 days now...not a single hitch ao far...rear camera is awesome with AI tech...front camera is very nice...battery life is 1 and half days with moderate gaming, movies and online streaming with 4G...no bloatware apart from 2-3 necessary huawei apps...only drawback is no front led flash...

Hey guys I have been using this phone for one month. Frankly speaking this phone has worse camera quality I have ever seen in any mobile. Colour saturation problem face in every pics. It doesn't show real colour. If I click photo of any object with red colour but actual colour comes out with pink. So guy please don't by this product in any circumstances...........

Google Voice Service is not working. Contacted with Manufacturer's customer assistance, but they replied that there may be deffect in Product software.

Wonderful, Amazing look, Great Design, Good battery backup, and also high level performance, camera is unbelievable.Overall marvelous phone.

Picture quality bad. It shows more colour and high contrast. ??

Design is good. But facing issue while connecting to WIFI and apps are not downloading from Play store. Think before you go for this phone.

I am fully satisfied with this is smartphone because Under 15000 this is best smartphone. look of this phone is awesome and battery life is very good, display brightness is also good but in Amazon prime video, brightness is not enough in day light. Audio output in headphones is not enough. No other like this in the market

This is the best phone anyone can get for a budget of upto 20k. Picture quality is awesome, especially Night mode and Selfie modes. Whenever I click selfies, people always ask which phone is this! I would highly recommend this phone.

Good mobile, automatic call recording and file lock features are good. Net connectivity is good, good battery life and built quality.

The rear camera is really bad. Front camera are way to good.. sound quality and battery life are just great.. they are really awesome. I hope that the issue of the back camera will be solved with any future updates..
To be frank... one can go for this product.. for sure because I hope that the rear camera issue will be solved immediately..

Looks like so much close to oneplus 6 with really small chin and notch,sound quality is very good
Good camera quality better than realme 2 pro,motorola power one,
Battery mm i would say lasts 1 day

Awesome mobile, processor is far better than sdm660, camera is totally outstanding, awesome pics, display is good though it has big screen, battery is good capable of all day long enough when u will play pubg, if fast charger supported it will best, but good as it charge fast without fast charging takes normally 2 and 1/2 hour

Everything thing is ok but very very poor camera during low light condition

Writing this review after 2 months of usage. The outer look is awesome, delivered on date, camera quality is fabulous, loudspeaker could be better. It works like a gem. The only issue I found was some sort of heating issues when you play a game.

Phone is good but the problem is with its back... it has a glass blackp which is very slippery... and also the dark strip running on its logo and camera lens is not that much visible to distinguish and the front display is little bigger in length and shorter in width which makes it look like a chocolate bar

This phone worth the money,.Excellent build quality.very good battery life,network speed,faster charging(micro usb),good perfomance,nice UI.The only con i have noticed is AI mode sometimes little over saturate colurs..hope this will be corrected thru nxt update..overall a power packed perfomance phone in mid range..go for it

Battery is good, selfie camera is also good but rear camera is poor in low light conditions rear camera can be only use for capturing near images up to 30cm not more than that rear camera only gives good images in outside conditions , night mode is also very good.

One word just awesome what a stylish phone you couldn't ask for better in this price segment with very decent camera quality for night and outdoor condition...kirin 710 does a great job better than Snapdragon 660,Totally loved it.

This phone is awesome, the camera of this phone is fabulous, I post a night time picture, that picture quality say all thing about the camera, looks of this phone is very good, beattry backup also good, in this phone I did not found any type of lacking even when I play a heavy game. After baught this I must say I am fully satisfied with this budget phone.

Battery is worst.. battery discharged quickly even in power saving mode... Other features are good except battery performance is weak...

It is an awesome phone considering the price...... Amazing build quality, awesome looks,great battery life, nice SOC (kirin 710),good camera(but need a software update to make the front portrait better and to make the colour bit more natural).... Overall a great value for money phone....... **Hope Oppo will push a software update to make it even better**

It’s awesome... got in 2days after booking.. Nice phone with good camera quality.. super fast.. no heating issues.. battery losts 1day.. outlook and design is excellent... value for money..

THIS PHONE IS THE BEAST. 

Camera is poor...depth sensor camera is so confuse about the depth sensing....picture colour are over saturated (means pink becomes red light green become dark green...and so on)not natural colour

It is a very good handset at this price point. Superb smooth performance.It has a good processor.But it should have Electronic Stabilization in camera performance. We can easily expect this feature at this price point. And please make the Red colour available for the 6 GB 64 GB varriant.

Received prepaid order in 11days after non stop follow up. Most Pathetic Experience.
Rest Mobile is good in this price. Camera & Speaker needs some serious improvement.

The picture quality is better then all this range phone only if you know about pro mode (manual mode) sound quality is amazing. 1 day long battery life. Don't play pub on it cos it is 710 with Mali 51. It couse a minor damage on your processor

It's display is effecting my eyes its not like Samsung display. So don't buy it

Features are really very good but the battery life should have been more... By multi-tasking the back gets a little bit hot but then also it cools down afterwards... Else, it is a nice model but little bit disappointed with the battery life... Camera is also very good especially the AI ?? Overall its worth for the price.

Great product , its picture quality is too good ,sound is awesome ,and battery work full day ,the smartphone is easy to use ,has great look ,fingerprint sensor works quite wellwell,happy with the product

Overall this is nice product.good in camera sensing and fingerprint.bt as compared to redmi this is better product only difference is in processor.This product have kirin processor so it is not good as compared to redo n realme and it's battery backup not so longer.Only these two things are not good bt overall it is excellent product.

Right choice for the money i spent. Happy with it really.. Waited a long to buy a mobile, loads of options in this price range, select this and my choice dint disappoint me... Camera, battery back up, fingerprint and face recognition, everything about this mobile is just awesome...

Picture quality and camera is awesome. Sound is pretty low compare to other phones. Even headphones on crowded area doesn't help. Disappointed by battery doesn't last a day if continuous internet is used but I guess that something you have to adjust as per price and feature

Actually the delivery was very fast , I got delivered it by the next day and about the mobile it's good but not that good because it doesn't have gorrilla glass protection and sound quality is not up to mark and the important thing no image stabilization.
