This is amazing powerful and beautiful fon from honor best camera, battery, design, display, sound quality, processor.

I bought this device on release date itself im loving it i just want to say cons bcoz it has lot of pros, rear camera should improve a little bit it produces over saturation images and their is no eis i hope they will fix that via ota update.

I just got it 3hours back.. And guess what the look of the mobile is extremely premium. And the build quality is awesome. Camera is quite good. This is my first review for this mobile.

I have been using this phone for the past 5 days. I observe a lag when I browse through photos while using Google photos and also for some reason my YouTube videos are being set at low quality, by any means I am not able to change it. Camera quality does not seem to be good, too much of colour in the output and the pictures does not seem natural. Amazon service quality can be compared to bsnl or other semi govt entity. During the delivery processes itself, the delivery date was deferred 4 times and the customer care staff wasn't hesitant to provide delivery assurance on the same day for all calls I made regarding the concern.

Everything in this phone is pretty except for some features but we can manage that, now the main problem is its display tech. guys. It is the cheapest display tech. which is used in this phone (tft display) . The main thing about phone is display. Due to the display everything you see whether it is a video or you play a ge, they are of entirely different colours. Ofcourse if you compare with other phone you will see. But to compare you need to buy and amazon people won't return your money back.

Camera is too bad and youtube videos quality even 1080p also not good. Colours reproduction is too bad in camera. Slow motion camera whey honor highlighted in launch event nothing in slow motion camera I am very disappointed in that section and slow motion camera is purely for pulblcity. Video department also colours not good. Battery life is average. Design and build looking like premium phone. I don't recommend this mobile to anyone. I raised a concern on twitter also but those guys are very irresponsible persons nobody is taking care about our concerns

I have this phn(4/64 version). Overall performance is good. Camera is decent at this price point. But the speaker's quality is too bad. Even after full volume the speaker's sound is too low which really disappoint me. Otherwise the device is really good.

Very poor network, bad sound quality,bad network quality, camera is too dull, pls amazon you are one of the good online shopping centre pls don't show faulty piece and faulty products..

It is disaster phone on 2nd day itself i was not able to hear a voice of person during calls very very very very poor call quality display is worstest i ever seen on any phone the screen gesture function is also not their i don't no what amazon has sended might be it is faulty piece bttr go for some other phone than this crap

Product is good in the view of camera and all the features. Dual volte is the ultimate feature.

But the phone is unable to access the memory card, when you set the default storage as memory card, even if you take the 05 sec video also, phone is unable to store the data to memory card and with in seconds the device is going into blank condition.

I can clearly say that, that is not the memory card problem, because the same memory card is getting good access and good functioning in other mobiles.

So, after knowing this i formatted my memory card and tried take store the another video file by setting the storage as default location memory,but again it is showing the same blank condition.

Disappointed due to direct storage issue

Purchase my first honor phone,Great display, great performance, great build quality over all good phone.

The product is awesome as i heard...but the quality check failure ruined its charm. Received a set with scratches and hairline on its display. Now i even doubt its genuinity!! Gonna ask for my refund back to me.

This phone has excellent features but fails in the audio department. Missing my exchanged Lenovo K4 Note with Dolby Atmos & stereo speakers...

Very downgraded camera.. Honor 8x failed with the so called 20MP dual camera . Saturation levels cannot be compared even with a 2mp camera phone. Often the pictures taken are very very unrealistic . Sees like the AI function is pathetic. EIS is a definite miss. Slow motion camera is also a failure. Can’t recognize the moving objects clearly . Video play back is also not that good. YouTube videos in fully screen lacks clarity. A number of time the Camera setting were changed to default. But of no use., Hope the company may rollout few updates to rectify these basic issues.

Honor 8x is not a Camera phone. In Honor 8x all features are good but camera is not as excepted. Front camera and Indoor photo quality of both front and rear camera is disgusting .Beautify mode is not good as other mobiles provided. It may required update from Honor.

battery drains so fast while playing games and using the camera too.
applied for replacement.hoping the new one will have better battery life
Edit-got the replacement today. This one is also defective. The back panel is bulged opened. ~Gona replace again hope next time I will get a good condition product~ no third time replacement such waste of time...amazon guys are doinga
bad service to customers

Very pathetic battery life. Hardly runs for 12 hrs with moderate usage.
On top of that this phone has super efficient memory management it doesn't even keep an app in background for even 1 second .like you switch between apps and you lost the state in old app , and have to start from all over again.
With such super efficient battery management it should have be giving more battery backup but it looks like to be working against it.

This is Very classy product from this budget. Great value for money. Jet speed performance, battery is a Beast. Camera is ultimate. Everyone is asking me is this Honor, Looks Wow.

As of now, its been 3 days after the purchase I sharing this review of honor 8x.. There is no lagging in performance and design is undoubtedly superb. Battery life is very good as it stands for 1 and half day with good usage. In this mid range honor 8x is totally value for money.

Picture quality is awful. I can't understand how different techies on you tube provided such a good feedback. The camera is hell, selfie loving guys is gonna hate it. Primary camera only good if held still. YouTube videos I compared to my 1plus 3t and I can see a huge difference in the quality and color. Battery backup is good , design is unmatchable at this price range ,display size is good but the display quality is cheap. I would recommend not buying this phone and rather go for note 5 pro which has better camera and better display and comes about 2500 cheaper than this phone. If looks and design is all you are looking for ..then honor 8x is the best phone for u

Good phone from honor nice face unlock good sound best is the Notch screen truly awesome... Great built quality but no fast charging no 4k recording colours are oversaturated in camera mi note 5 pro have better camera. the camera quality is poor compare with Samsung s7which is 2016 model and honor 8x is 2018 . I brought is for myself but am giving this phone to my mom coz phone is not for me buy this phone only if you like notch screen in budget phone

Trust me this phone is well ahead of its time, in 15k you won't find 6.5 inch display with such clarity and screen to body ratio and beezels are next to non exsisting. Now its sound quality which is really good, i mean via headphone it lack amplification but don't get me wrong, at full volume it's loud enough with great bass and clarity, very much recommended for those who stays on headphone for long period. The best part is its call quality and signal reception , its simply outstanding. Battery is good enough but not for power users. Overall if you buy this product, it will not go out of style for atleast 3 years mainly considering its price.

I have moved to this model afr using oneplus one for more than 3 years. Basically the phone looks good and works decent. But the major let down is the camera. Phone doesn't have photographic touch , it just enhance the picture by the software which makes it un-realistic . Touch focus doesn't work well also they have a minimum focal distance for the the camera beyond which it will give a crisp images, lesser than that u will end up in getting blurred images. There is a difference between bokeh effect and blurred background which won't satisfy the photography enthusiast.
Except camera everything is fine . So if u don't look for the mobile for best quality images then go for it. Its a good deal

The phone packs everything it should for the price range and comes in a package that is more than desirable. Decent camera, great screen, good enough battery with a frugal power consumption. Average usage can easily take you through the day. Paired with the right kind of earphones, this makes for a great device for media consumption. And the looks, it gives most flagships a run for their money with its gorgeous gradient back panel covered in glass. Build quality also feels great and doesn't feel like looks come at the cost of sturdiness. Glass panels do make it a bit vulnerable, but there are crackling of panels as such. Very solid fit and finish.

Poor quality and sound problem and with out charging heat sound effects bad

 don't regret at all after purchasing this phone. It's perfect in almost all segments considering its mid range segment. The best part is battery and performance which is better than any other phone available in same range. I have been Huawei user since last 7 years and haven't faced any issue till now. For those who are whining in the name of camera, I suggest to go and buy dslr. Let phones be phones and cameras be cameras.

Excellent product in price range... Given good tricks in camera... Forgot any review... Easy to handle... Easy to use... Best UI. Full entertaining phone. There is no issue in mobile only small thing we can say.. Night shots aren't perfect but we can not blame to company... With the small amount we can not expect hefty features. The camera is awasome. Overall it's a worthy phone. The mobile is not bulky and easy to use. Recommending some one who is buying xioami phone. Phone looks premium In hand 

Guys camera quality is too too awesome. Even in low lighting conditions it is working so much fine. Video recording in 60 fps is awesomely awesome. Phone is smooth as butter. Ekdam raparap chlega without any issues. Touch is flawless smooth and very sensitive. Overall best phone .

I like the camera the most, both front and back cameras click good quality picture. The OS is fluid and fast. No heating issue noticed so far, feels very premium to hold. Only drawback is, out of 4GB ram, less than 2GB is available to user. I do not do any gaming and have limited apps installed still have noticed this. Ram management could be better, also when switching better screens it jitters a little at times.

No video call…Disappointed...Phone is very delicate. Screen broken in just one drop from two feet height

Looks and design are just marvellous. Light & brightness are also good. Expected headfone but didn't get. overall fone is total upto the mark as shown in pic. One thing this tym am disappointed, OTP was deleted by chance nd agent did nt even helped me, he declined for delivery and even was not giving cus care no nd solution. 

his phone is amazing for the money. Great for gaming. Meets all my needs. The camera is average in low light but does good in well lit conditions. Durable as well. I've dropped it countless times with no cover and it has survived with no problem. I've always been a Samsung fan boy but not anymore. This is way better than any Samsung phone in this price range.

Below average picture quality.Unable to delete multiple message.Vibrating while connect and disconnect the call.Not getting good Network signal.Overall, many good options are not included in this phone.

My honor 8x display is blurring and I surprise to see the video quality is like 4000 rs cost mobile .I am very disappointed .

Excellent build quality.. A Superior display.. Very good calling sound.. Spectacular Cameras.. Lightweight.. A good battery.. Faster than any other phones in 15k category.. What else you need ? Go for it guys..!! Dont think..!! Its a very pocket friendly and rich choice..!!
Honor,, you made a great deal..

t is the one of the best choice from its segment as its a honor you won't be dissapointed with its finger print, screen quality and camera, built quality, only probs only some will find if you don't use to do video recording as it doesn't have an eis or ois other than that nothing to worry about processor,battery, built quality simply go for it the kirin 710 will do anything for you it has also made a score on one of the best smartphone 

Very worst mobile in photos.,totally waste honor 8x,even one picture also clarity. Look like 5mega pixel picture, after taken picture if you zoom slightly image will break full, zero percentage in clarity, if you 10 pic, at least one or two only good, if you flash light it will blink but not reflect in picture,
